README.md, before:

# TWK Rheinland - WordPress Theme

A professional WordPress theme for TWK Rheinland - Tim Wassong, a German climate and cooling technology company. This theme was converted from a Hostinger Website Builder export into a fully functional, production-ready WordPress theme.

## 📋 About

This repository contains a complete WordPress theme ready for installation and use. The theme features responsive design, German language support, custom page templates, and optimized asset loading specifically designed for a climate and cooling technology business.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Requirements

- **WordPress:** 5.0 or higher
- **PHP:** 7.4 or higher
- **MySQL:** 5.6+ or MariaDB 10.1+

### Installation

1. **Download the Theme**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/arifbillah360/hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert.git
   ```

2. **Copy to WordPress**
   ```bash
   cp -r wp-content/themes/twk-rheinland /path/to/your/wordpress/wp-content/themes/
   ```

3. **Activate**
   - Go to WordPress Dashboard → Appearance → Themes
   - Find "TWK Rheinland" and click "Activate"

## ✨ Theme Features

### Core Features

- ✅ **Fully Responsive Design** - Optimized for all devices
- ✅ **Custom Logo Support** - Easy branding customization
- ✅ **Navigation Menus** - Primary and Footer menu locations
- ✅ **Widget Areas** - Sidebar + 3 Footer widget areas
- ✅ **Featured Images** - Post thumbnail support
- ✅ **HTML5 Markup** - Modern semantic structure
- ✅ **Translation Ready** - German language support (text domain: twk-rheinland)
- ✅ **SEO Friendly** - Optimized structure for search engines

### Custom Page Templates

1. **Default Template** - For standard pages and posts
2. **About Page** (`page-about.php`) - Company information template
3. **Services Page** (`page-services.php`) - Service listings template
4. **Contact Page** (`page-contact.php`) - Contact form and map template

### Smart Asset Loading

The theme intelligently loads page-specific stylesheets for optimal performance:

- `home-style.css` - Home page styles (296KB)
- `partner-style.css` - About/Partner page styles (296KB)
- `services-style.css` - Services page styles (296KB)
- `contact-style.css` - Contact page styles (296KB)

JavaScript files are properly enqueued and loaded in the footer.

## 🛠️ Setup Guide

### 1. Configure Menus

1. Go to `Appearance → Menus`
2. Create a new menu
3. Add pages: Home, Über uns, Leistungen, Kontakt
4. Assign to "Primary Menu" location
5. Optionally create a footer menu

### 2. Create Pages

Create the following pages with respective templates:

| Page Name | Template | Slug |
|-----------|----------|------|
| Home | Default | home |
| Über uns | About Page | uber-uns |
| Leistungen | Services Page | leistungen |
| Kontakt | Contact Page | kontakt |

**To assign templates:**
- Edit page → Page Attributes → Template → Select template

### 3. Set Front Page

1. Go to `Settings → Reading`
2. Select "A static page"
3. Choose your Home page as "Front page"

### 4. Configure Logo

1. Go to `Appearance → Customize → Site Identity`
2. Click "Select logo"
3. Upload your company logo
4. Adjust dimensions as needed

### 5. Setup Widgets (Optional)

1. Go to `Appearance → Widgets`
2. Add widgets to:
   - Sidebar
   - Footer 1, 2, 3

## 📁 Theme Structure

```
wp-content/themes/twk-rheinland/
├── assets/
│   ├── css/           # Page-specific stylesheets (4 files)
│   ├── js/            # JavaScript files (12 files)
│   ├── images/        # Image assets (60 files)
│   ├── fonts/         # Font files (11 files)
│   └── maps/          # Map integration files (3 files)
├── inc/
│   ├── template-tags.php      # Custom template tags
│   ├── template-functions.php # Theme enhancement functions
│   └── customizer.php         # WordPress Customizer integration
├── template-parts/
│   ├── content.php            # Post content template
│   ├── content-page.php       # Page content template
│   └── content-none.php       # No results template
├── functions.php      # Theme functions and features
├── style.css          # Main stylesheet with theme metadata
├── header.php         # Header template
├── footer.php         # Footer template
├── index.php          # Main template
├── page.php           # Default page template
├── sidebar.php        # Sidebar template
├── page-about.php     # About page template
├── page-services.php  # Services page template
├── page-contact.php   # Contact page template
└── README.md          # Theme documentation
```

## 🔌 Recommended Plugins

### Essential

- **Contact Form 7** - For contact forms on the contact page
- **Yoast SEO** - For SEO optimization
- **Wordfence Security** - For security protection

### Optional

- **WP Google Maps** - For maps integration on contact page
- **W3 Total Cache** - For performance optimization
- **WPForms** - Alternative to Contact Form 7
- **All in One SEO** - Alternative to Yoast SEO

## 🎨 Customization

### Using WordPress Customizer

Access via `Appearance → Customize`:

- **Site Identity** - Logo, title, tagline, favicon
- **Colors** - Background color
- **Menus** - Navigation menus
- **Widgets** - Widget areas
- **Homepage Settings** - Front page display

### Adding Custom CSS

Two methods:

1. **Customizer:**
   - `Appearance → Customize → Additional CSS`
   - Add your custom CSS code

2. **Direct Edit:**
   - Edit `style.css` file in theme directory
   - Add custom styles at the bottom

**Important:** Create a child theme for major customizations to preserve changes during updates.

## 🌐 Language Support

The theme is translation-ready with text domain `twk-rheinland`.

### To Translate:

1. **Using Plugin:**
   - Install "Loco Translate" or "WPML"
   - Create translation for your language

2. **Manual:**
   - Create `.po` and `.mo` files
   - Place in `/wp-content/languages/themes/`

### Native Content

The theme includes German language labels and content structure for:
- Klimaanlagen (Air conditioning)
- Kältetechnik (Cooling technology)
- Heiztechnik (Heating technology)

## 📊 Theme Information

- **Theme Name:** TWK Rheinland
- **Version:** 1.0.0
- **Author:** Arif Billah
- **Author URI:** https://github.com/arifbillah360
- **License:** GPL v2 or later
- **Text Domain:** twk-rheinland
- **Tags:** business, responsive, custom-menu, featured-images, threaded-comments, translation-ready

## 🌐 Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## ⚡ Performance

### Built-in Optimizations

- ✅ Conditional asset loading (page-specific CSS)
- ✅ Scripts loaded in footer
- ✅ Clean, semantic HTML5 markup
- ✅ Optimized image loading

### Additional Tips

1. Use a caching plugin (W3 Total Cache, WP Super Cache)
2. Optimize images before uploading
3. Use a CDN for static assets
4. Enable Gzip compression
5. Minify CSS and JavaScript files

## ♿ Accessibility

The theme follows WordPress accessibility standards:

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Proper heading hierarchy
- Skip-to-content link
- Screen reader text for icons
- Keyboard navigation support
- ARIA labels where appropriate

## 🤝 Support

For theme support and issues:

- **GitHub Issues:** [Open an issue](https://github.com/arifbillah360/hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert/issues)
- **Documentation:** See theme README.md in `/wp-content/themes/twk-rheinland/`

## 📝 Changelog

### Version 1.0.0 - January 2026

- ✨ Initial release
- ✨ Converted from Hostinger Builder export
- ✨ Full WordPress theme structure
- ✨ Custom page templates (About, Services, Contact)
- ✨ Responsive design
- ✨ Asset optimization
- ✨ Widget areas
- ✨ Menu locations
- ✨ German language support
- ✨ 107 files with complete theme functionality

## 👨‍💻 Development

### Project History

This theme was professionally converted from a Hostinger Website Builder static export to a fully functional WordPress theme. The conversion process included:

1. ✅ Extracting HTML structure from static pages
2. ✅ Converting to WordPress template hierarchy
3. ✅ Implementing WordPress functions and hooks
4. ✅ Organizing assets into theme structure
5. ✅ Creating custom page templates
6. ✅ Adding WordPress-specific features (menus, widgets, customizer)
7. ✅ Optimizing performance and asset loading

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add improvement'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This theme is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.

```
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
```

## 🙏 Credits

- **Theme Developer:** Arif Billah
- **Original Website:** TWK Rheinland - Tim Wassong
- **Platform:** Converted from Hostinger Website Builder
- **Built with:** WordPress, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript

## 📧 Contact

- **GitHub:** [@arifbillah360](https://github.com/arifbillah360)
- **Repository:** [hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert](https://github.com/arifbillah360/hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert)

---

**Made with ❤️ for the WordPress community**

**Last Updated:** January 2026 | **Version:** 1.0.0

Commit message:

Flatten directory structure - Move theme files to root
Restructured repository for easier deployment:
- Moved all theme files from wp-content/themes/twk-rheinland/ to root directory
- Removed nested wp-content/themes/ directory structure
- Updated README.md with new flat structure
- Simplified installation process

New Structure:
- All WordPress theme files now in root directory
- Direct copy or ZIP upload to WordPress themes folder
- No nested directories to navigate

Benefits:
- Simpler repository structure
- Easier to understand and deploy
- Direct clone and copy to WordPress
- Can create ZIP file from root for WordPress upload
- Professional, clean organization

Installation is now as simple as:
1. Clone repository
2. Copy entire directory to wp-content/themes/
3. Activate in WordPress

Theme is production-ready with 107 files in root.

README.md, after:

# TWK Rheinland - WordPress Theme

A professional WordPress theme for TWK Rheinland - Tim Wassong, a German climate and cooling technology company. This theme was converted from a Hostinger Website Builder export into a fully functional, production-ready WordPress theme.

## 📋 About

This repository contains a complete WordPress theme ready for installation. All theme files are in the root directory for easy deployment. The theme features responsive design, German language support, custom page templates, and optimized asset loading specifically designed for a climate and cooling technology business.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Requirements

- **WordPress:** 5.0 or higher
- **PHP:** 7.4 or higher
- **MySQL:** 5.6+ or MariaDB 10.1+

### Installation

1. **Download the Theme**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/arifbillah360/hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert.git
   cd hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert
   ```

2. **Copy to WordPress Themes Directory**
   ```bash
   # Copy entire directory to WordPress themes folder
   cp -r ../hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert /path/to/wordpress/wp-content/themes/twk-rheinland
   ```

   Or via ZIP:
   ```bash
   # Create a ZIP file
   zip -r twk-rheinland.zip . -x "*.git*"

   # Upload via WordPress Dashboard → Appearance → Themes → Add New → Upload Theme
   ```

3. **Activate**
   - Go to WordPress Dashboard → Appearance → Themes
   - Find "TWK Rheinland" and click "Activate"

## ✨ Theme Features

### Core Features

- ✅ **Fully Responsive Design** - Optimized for all devices
- ✅ **Custom Logo Support** - Easy branding customization
- ✅ **Navigation Menus** - Primary and Footer menu locations
- ✅ **Widget Areas** - Sidebar + 3 Footer widget areas
- ✅ **Featured Images** - Post thumbnail support
- ✅ **HTML5 Markup** - Modern semantic structure
- ✅ **Translation Ready** - German language support (text domain: twk-rheinland)
- ✅ **SEO Friendly** - Optimized structure for search engines

### Custom Page Templates

1. **Default Template** - For standard pages and posts
2. **About Page** (`page-about.php`) - Company information template
3. **Services Page** (`page-services.php`) - Service listings template
4. **Contact Page** (`page-contact.php`) - Contact form and map template

### Smart Asset Loading

The theme intelligently loads page-specific stylesheets for optimal performance:

- `home-style.css` - Home page styles (296KB)
- `partner-style.css` - About/Partner page styles (296KB)
- `services-style.css` - Services page styles (296KB)
- `contact-style.css` - Contact page styles (296KB)

JavaScript files are properly enqueued and loaded in the footer.

## 🛠️ Setup Guide

### 1. Configure Menus

1. Go to `Appearance → Menus`
2. Create a new menu
3. Add pages: Home, Über uns, Leistungen, Kontakt
4. Assign to "Primary Menu" location
5. Optionally create a footer menu

### 2. Create Pages

Create the following pages with respective templates:

| Page Name | Template | Slug |
|-----------|----------|------|
| Home | Default | home |
| Über uns | About Page | uber-uns |
| Leistungen | Services Page | leistungen |
| Kontakt | Contact Page | kontakt |

**To assign templates:**
- Edit page → Page Attributes → Template → Select template

### 3. Set Front Page

1. Go to `Settings → Reading`
2. Select "A static page"
3. Choose your Home page as "Front page"

### 4. Configure Logo

1. Go to `Appearance → Customize → Site Identity`
2. Click "Select logo"
3. Upload your company logo
4. Adjust dimensions as needed

### 5. Setup Widgets (Optional)

1. Go to `Appearance → Widgets`
2. Add widgets to:
   - Sidebar
   - Footer 1, 2, 3

## 📁 Theme Structure

```
twk-rheinland/ (root)
├── assets/
│   ├── css/           # Page-specific stylesheets (4 files)
│   ├── js/            # JavaScript files (12 files)
│   ├── images/        # Image assets (60 files)
│   ├── fonts/         # Font files (11 files)
│   └── maps/          # Map integration files (3 files)
├── inc/
│   ├── template-tags.php      # Custom template tags
│   ├── template-functions.php # Theme enhancement functions
│   └── customizer.php         # WordPress Customizer integration
├── template-parts/
│   ├── content.php            # Post content template
│   ├── content-page.php       # Page content template
│   └── content-none.php       # No results template
├── functions.php      # Theme functions and features
├── style.css          # Main stylesheet with theme metadata
├── header.php         # Header template
├── footer.php         # Footer template
├── index.php          # Main template
├── page.php           # Default page template
├── sidebar.php        # Sidebar template
├── page-about.php     # About page template
├── page-services.php  # Services page template
├── page-contact.php   # Contact page template
└── README.md          # This file
```

## 🔌 Recommended Plugins

### Essential

- **Contact Form 7** - For contact forms on the contact page
- **Yoast SEO** - For SEO optimization
- **Wordfence Security** - For security protection

### Optional

- **WP Google Maps** - For maps integration on contact page
- **W3 Total Cache** - For performance optimization
- **WPForms** - Alternative to Contact Form 7
- **All in One SEO** - Alternative to Yoast SEO

## 🎨 Customization

### Using WordPress Customizer

Access via `Appearance → Customize`:

- **Site Identity** - Logo, title, tagline, favicon
- **Colors** - Background color
- **Menus** - Navigation menus
- **Widgets** - Widget areas
- **Homepage Settings** - Front page display

### Adding Custom CSS

Two methods:

1. **Customizer:**
   - `Appearance → Customize → Additional CSS`
   - Add your custom CSS code

2. **Direct Edit:**
   - Edit `style.css` file in theme directory
   - Add custom styles at the bottom

**Important:** Create a child theme for major customizations to preserve changes during updates.

## 🌐 Language Support

The theme is translation-ready with text domain `twk-rheinland`.

### To Translate:

1. **Using Plugin:**
   - Install "Loco Translate" or "WPML"
   - Create translation for your language

2. **Manual:**
   - Create `.po` and `.mo` files
   - Place in `/wp-content/languages/themes/`

### Native Content

The theme includes German language labels and content structure for:
- Klimaanlagen (Air conditioning)
- Kältetechnik (Cooling technology)
- Heiztechnik (Heating technology)

## 📊 Theme Information

- **Theme Name:** TWK Rheinland
- **Version:** 1.0.0
- **Author:** Arif Billah
- **Author URI:** https://github.com/arifbillah360
- **License:** GPL v2 or later
- **Text Domain:** twk-rheinland
- **Tags:** business, responsive, custom-menu, featured-images, threaded-comments, translation-ready

## 🌐 Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## ⚡ Performance

### Built-in Optimizations

- ✅ Conditional asset loading (page-specific CSS)
- ✅ Scripts loaded in footer
- ✅ Clean, semantic HTML5 markup
- ✅ Optimized image loading

### Additional Tips

1. Use a caching plugin (W3 Total Cache, WP Super Cache)
2. Optimize images before uploading
3. Use a CDN for static assets
4. Enable Gzip compression
5. Minify CSS and JavaScript files

## ♿ Accessibility

The theme follows WordPress accessibility standards:

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Proper heading hierarchy
- Skip-to-content link
- Screen reader text for icons
- Keyboard navigation support
- ARIA labels where appropriate

## 🤝 Support

For theme support and issues:

- **GitHub Issues:** [Open an issue](https://github.com/arifbillah360/hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert/issues)
- **Documentation:** See this README file

## 📝 Changelog

### Version 1.0.0 - January 2026

- ✨ Initial release
- ✨ Converted from Hostinger Builder export
- ✨ Full WordPress theme structure
- ✨ Custom page templates (About, Services, Contact)
- ✨ Responsive design
- ✨ Asset optimization
- ✨ Widget areas
- ✅ Menu locations
- ✨ German language support
- ✨ 107 files with complete theme functionality
- ✨ Flat directory structure for easy deployment

## 👨‍💻 Development

### Project History

This theme was professionally converted from a Hostinger Website Builder static export to a fully functional WordPress theme. The conversion process included:

1. ✅ Extracting HTML structure from static pages
2. ✅ Converting to WordPress template hierarchy
3. ✅ Implementing WordPress functions and hooks
4. ✅ Organizing assets into theme structure
5. ✅ Creating custom page templates
6. ✅ Adding WordPress-specific features (menus, widgets, customizer)
7. ✅ Optimizing performance and asset loading
8. ✅ Flattening directory structure for easy deployment

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add improvement'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This theme is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.

```
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
```

## 🙏 Credits

- **Theme Developer:** Arif Billah
- **Original Website:** TWK Rheinland - Tim Wassong
- **Platform:** Converted from Hostinger Website Builder
- **Built with:** WordPress, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript

## 📧 Contact

- **GitHub:** [@arifbillah360](https://github.com/arifbillah360)
- **Repository:** [hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert](https://github.com/arifbillah360/hostinger-builder-to-wordPress-convert)

---

**Made with ❤️ for the WordPress community**

**Last Updated:** January 2026 | **Version:** 1.0.0
